Julia Washington, 



Introductory paragraph

Ms. Washington has thirty years combined experience in financial management and accounting systems for public utilities, government agencies and private industry. Her special expertise is the areas of financial analysis and documentation of financial management systems. Ms. Washington has a broad knowledge of financial management systems, government accounting, and federal regulations and processes. Her experience includes management of system selection and implementation projects, administering various types of financing and investment programs, development of policies and procedures in all areas of payment processes, developing and implementing more efficient of cost effective approaches to work situations and evaluating internal control practices and documenting work flow.



Summary of Qualifications

N/A



Grant Thornton LLP

Manager, Global Public Sector (January 2007 - present)

Department of Homeland Security - Customs Cost Management Information System (March 2009 – Present )Developed United States Customs Service-wide activity based costing model. Managed data transfer and cleansing efforts from legacy systems to an activity based costing database. Conducted facilitated sessions with Customs employees to determine basic activity structure for activity based costing model. Designed COGNOS interface to report ABC results. In addition, Ms. Washington analyzed Customs current time tracking systems and provided four alternatives for capturing labor data electronically for the Cost Management Information System. Assisted Customs to design and implement the preferred alternative.



Federal Security Administration - Senior Customer Account Representative (January 2007 – March 2009) Supervised four customer account representatives and one data entry associate. Responded to calls and letters from customers and dealerships regarding company policy. Prepared monthly, quarterly and annual reports for management. Maintained delinquency and repossession ratios that were 25% below corporate objectives. Established form letters that helped increase response time to our customers and dealership. Received monthly “spotlight” award for outstanding performance.



Company A

Accountant (February 1998 – December 2000)

Company A (February 1998 – December 2000)Recalled to Operation Uphold Democracy, United Nations Mission in Haiti and served as Chief of Staff for the Joint Logistics Support Command, comprising 2,100 active military, reserves and civilians from all branches of the Armed Forces. Provided logistics management and support in theater for the 15,000 member Multinational Force. Provided oversight and management of the $96M Logistics Civil Augmentation Program contract for all logistic support in theatre. 





Education 

M.B.A, Finance and Strategic Analysis, University of Maryland, Candidate, Minor/Concentration: N/A



Years of Federal Experience

14 Years



Training and Certifications

Executive Development/Continuing Education, ABC Technologies Inc. ABC Modeling Workshop (OROS, ABC Plus, COGNOS PowerPlay) September 2000, AICPA Independence Training 2001



Language Skills 

French – Fluent, Spanish - Proficient



International Experience 

Doctors Without Borders - Translator/Volunteer Trainer (March 1989 – August 1989) Served as a French-speaking aid to provide assistance in Niger and the Democratic Republic of Congo.  Trained and supervised other volunteers during their stay out of country.



Computer Skills

Microsoft Suite, Oros ABC Software, Metify ABC Software, Cognos



Software

N/A



Hardware

N/A

		 

Affiliations

American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, Institute of Management Accountants, Association of Government Accountants



Military Service

N/A



Awards

Numerous military awards including two Legions of Merit, three Distinguished Flying Crosses, Meritorious Service Medal, 21 Air Medals, the Air Force Commendation Medal, and three Vietnam Service Medals



Research

N/A



Teaching

N/A



Publications

“Service Methods for Determining Inventory and Mobilization Numerical Requirements for Weapons Systems” (Commandant’s Award for Excellence in Research) May 1983, National Defense University.



Security Clearance

SECRET - Inactive



3